readings for day 4 - 26 MAY 2021

--The book Duckette - chapter 4 / Briefi summery LISTS X There are three types of HTML lists: ordered, unordered, and definition. X Ordered lists use numbers. X Unordered lists use bullets. X Definition lists are used to define terminology. X Lists can be nested inside one another

the lists makes our life easier, gives the page beauty, with few commands like - it gives the page more of an order lines Links are the defining feature of the web because they allow you to move from one web page to another — enabling the very idea of browsing or surfing. You will commonly come across the following types of links: Links f ●● rom one website to another ●● Links from one page to another on the same website ●● Links from one part of a web page to another part of the same page ●● Links that open in a new browser window ●● Links that start up your email program and address a new email to someone in the link people can scan it and navigate the website through it

An Example on both linkinig to outside website and listing :

Movie Reviews:

Empire
Metacritic
Rotten Tomatoes
Variety
When you are linking to other pages within the same site, you do not need to specify the domain name in the URL. You can use a shorthand known as a relative URL.which are a shorthand way to tell the browser where a page is in relation to the current page

it is the same when we want to send to an Email : Mail to - and youplace the target Email

If you want to link to a specific part of a different page (whether on your own site or a different website) you can use a similar technique. As long as the page you are linking to has id attributes that identify specific parts of the page, you can simply add the same syntax to the end of the link for that page.

#Chapter 18 :

Key concept in positioning element any web designer need to focus on the importance of the differnece of the displyed devices, the amount of information they are showing, the resoultion, some feauters are adjustable in a different manners , Because screen sizes and display resolutions vary so much, web designers often try to create pages of around 960-1000 pixels wide

LAyouts has different options :

fixed width layout
Fixed width layout designs do not change size as the user increases or decreases the size of their browser window. Measurements tend to be given in pixels.
Liquid layout : Liquid layout designs stretch and contract as the user increases or decreases the size of their browser window. They tend to use percentages.
