HTML :

what are the lists : 


There are lots of occasions when we 
need to use lists. HTML provides us with 
three different types:
● Ordered lists are lists where each item in the list is 
numbered. For example, the list might be a set of steps for 
a recipe that must be performed in order, or a legal contract 
where each point needs to be identified by a section 
number.

you create it by - <ol> and then the <li> on each line to list the numbers 
● Unordered lists are lists that begin with a bullet point 
(rather than characters that indicate order). 

to create it you put <ul> then <li> in this case the li will list the bullets and not the numbers 


● Definition lists are made up of a set of terms along with the 
definitions for each of those terms
to create it we have to add the <dl > <dt> <dd> 

eventually : the nested lists ul inside a ul or ol inside an ol 


Now lets talk about boxes :

At the beginning of this section on CSS, 
you saw how CSS treats each HTML 
element as if it lives in its own box.
You can set several properties that affect the appearance of 
these boxes. In this chapter you will see how to:
● Control the dimensions of your boxes
● Create borders around boxes
● Set margins and padding for boxes
● Show and hide boxes


how do we control the size of the boxes- byt the dimentions, pixels, em and so on.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#ARRAYS 

An array is a special type of variable. It doesn't 
just store one value; it stores a list of values. 

when d we use it?
You should consider using an 
array whenever you are working 
with a list or a set of values that 
are related to each other. 

How to create it? 
u give it a name - array start to count at the zero number , Values in an array are accessed as if they are in 
a numbered list. It is important to know that the 
numbering of this list starts at zero (not one). 

ACCESSING & CHANGING 
VALUES IN AN ARRAY ? how to do it ?
The first lines of code on the left 
create an array containing a list 
of three colors. (The values can 
be added on the same line or on 
separate lines as shown here.) 

